README.md, before:

# My Website
The full site is at www.param.me. This is just a condensed markdown version.

I'm a 9th grade student with a passion for web development, and this site is sorta like a showcase of my projects and achievements.

## Gallery

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/india.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/eglx.jpg" width="40%">

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/glider.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/quebec.jpg" width="40%">

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/saratoga.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/chicago.jpg" width="40%">

## Timeline

| &nbsp; | Mississauga Marathon 5k |
| ------------- |------------- |
| May, 2015 | Achieved my 5k personal best of 0:24:34 at the 2015 Mississauga Marathon, out of the 6 total 5km events I've ran in the past |

| &nbsp; | App of the Month |
| ------------- |------------- |
| January, 2017 | Most Creative App of January awarded from MIT App Inventor for my app Spellbind, which is currently available on Google Play |

| &nbsp; | First Place in Gauss |
| ------------- |------------- |
| May, 2017 | Ranked first place from my school Allan A. Martin, for writing the Gauss Math Contest |

| &nbsp; | Trinity College Course |
| ------------- |------------- |
| November, 2017  | Completed the CS Principals Part 2 course offered by Trinity College through the edX platform |


## Projects
A tab for some cool projects that are worth sharing. Click on the images to find out more.

[<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/coding.jpg" width="100%">](https://code.param.me) | [<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/egyptian.jpg" width="100%">](https://bit.ly/2JpR0jr) | [<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/discord.png" width="100%">](https://www.param.me/discord-emoji)
------------ | ------------- |-------------
**PHP Webpage Builder** | **Egyptian Number Translator** | **Discord Emoji Converter**
A webpage builder with a built‑in code editor. Based on CodeMirror, the editor features autosaving, code folding, & smart suggestions. | A page that converts numbers from the modern day (base 10) number system to the Ancient Egyptian number system. | A convenient tool to convert any message into emoji markup for discord. Supports letters, numbers, and over 10 symbols

## Apps

Spellbind | Topcorn
:--------:|:-------:
Education | Game
Practice spelling words by choosing any level of difficulty between Grade 1 and Grade 8. Comes pre-installed with 750 words, and has the ability to add more words.|Multiplayer app for the popular party game Popcorn. When all players' devices are connected to a single game room, start the game. Start at 0 and tap the screen to go up by 1. The goal is to reach the highest number possible, but if multiple users tap the screen at the same time, the number resets to 0.
Learn Mode: list of words + pronounciation| 4 public gamerooms
Test Mode: keep score of correct spellings and keep track of constantly misspelled words|Ability to create private gamerooms with access key.
100+ installs | 50+ installs
Free <br> no ads | Free <br> no ads
[Download](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_700164.SpellBind_all) | [Download](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_700164.Topcorn)

## Contact

Feel free to contact me through email or any of my other social links.

[<img src="resources/img/social-media/email.png" width="10%">](mailto:hi@param.me)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/instagram.png" width="10%">](https://instagram.com/xparam)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/twitter.png" width="10%">](https://twitter.com/paramoham)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/snapchat.png" width="10%">](https://www.snapchat.com/add/paramthakkar)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/google-plus.png" width="10%">](https://plus.google.com/+ParamThakkar)

Commit message:

Add Startup Weekend to Timeline
  - fix broken links (junior solar car challenge, mathu website)
  - change wording for hackathon in timeline
  - add hackathon to markdown timeline

README.md, after:

# My Website
The full site is at www.param.me. This is just a condensed markdown version.

I'm a 9th grade student with a passion for web development, and this site is sorta like a showcase of my projects and achievements.

## Gallery

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/india.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/eglx.jpg" width="40%">

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/glider.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/quebec.jpg" width="40%">

<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/saratoga.jpg" width="40%"> <img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/gallery/chicago.jpg" width="40%">

## Timeline

| &nbsp; | Mississauga Marathon 5k |
| ------------- |------------- |
| May, 2015 | Achieved my 5k personal best of 0:24:34 at the 2015 Mississauga Marathon, out of the 6 total 5km events I've ran in the past |

| &nbsp; | App of the Month |
| ------------- |------------- |
| January, 2017 | Most Creative App of January awarded from MIT App Inventor for my app Spellbind, which is currently available on Google Play |

| &nbsp; | First Place in Gauss |
| ------------- |------------- |
| May, 2017 | Ranked first place from my school Allan A. Martin, for writing the Gauss Math Contest |

| &nbsp; | Trinity College Course |
| ------------- |------------- |
| November, 2017  | Completed the CS Principals Part 2 course offered by Trinity College through the edX platform |

| &nbsp; | First Place Pitch|
| ------------- |------------- |
| September, 2018  | Pitched the winning entry for artificial intelligence: [Mathü](https://mathu.ca), at the 24-hour *Imagine Hackathon* in Brampton |

| &nbsp; | 3rd Place Pitch at Startup Weekend|
| ------------- |------------- |
| November, 2018  | Presented [StoAR](https://stoar.ca)–an AR tool for SMEs to showcase their products–at the 54-hour *Startup Weekend*. The MVP was pitched to a panel of judges, including an investor from Dragon's Den.|

## Projects
A tab for some cool projects that are worth sharing. Click on the images to find out more.

[<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/coding.jpg" width="100%">](https://code.param.me) | [<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/egyptian.jpg" width="100%">](https://bit.ly/2JpR0jr) | [<img src="https://www.param.me/resources/img/discord.png" width="100%">](https://www.param.me/discord-emoji)
------------ | ------------- |-------------
**PHP Webpage Builder** | **Egyptian Number Translator** | **Discord Emoji Converter**
A webpage builder with a built‑in code editor. Based on CodeMirror, the editor features autosaving, code folding, & smart suggestions. | A page that converts numbers from the modern day (base 10) number system to the Ancient Egyptian number system. | A convenient tool to convert any message into emoji markup for discord. Supports letters, numbers, and over 10 symbols

## Apps

Spellbind | Topcorn
:--------:|:-------:
Education | Game
Practice spelling words by choosing any level of difficulty between Grade 1 and Grade 8. Comes pre-installed with 750 words, and has the ability to add more words.|Multiplayer app for the popular party game Popcorn. When all players' devices are connected to a single game room, start the game. Start at 0 and tap the screen to go up by 1. The goal is to reach the highest number possible, but if multiple users tap the screen at the same time, the number resets to 0.
Learn Mode: list of words + pronounciation| 4 public gamerooms
Test Mode: keep score of correct spellings and keep track of constantly misspelled words|Ability to create private gamerooms with access key.
100+ installs | 50+ installs
Free <br> no ads | Free <br> no ads
[Download](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_700164.SpellBind_all) | [Download](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=appinventor.ai_700164.Topcorn)

## Contact

Feel free to contact me through email or any of my other social links.

[<img src="resources/img/social-media/email.png" width="10%">](mailto:hi@param.me)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/instagram.png" width="10%">](https://instagram.com/xparam)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/twitter.png" width="10%">](https://twitter.com/paramoham)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/snapchat.png" width="10%">](https://www.snapchat.com/add/paramthakkar)
[<img src="resources/img/social-media/google-plus.png" width="10%">](https://plus.google.com/+ParamThakkar)
